Egret 1.5.5 Release Note
===============================

Last Updated：28 Feb, 2015

Welcome to Egret Engine !

Special Thanks to：

* Joy of Fish Information Technology Co.,Ltd.
* Nanjing Nibaguai Networking Technology Co.,Ltd.
* Beijing Smallapple Networking Technology Co.,Ltd.
* MiTalk Team, XiaoMi Tech.
* Wish Start （Beijing）Technology Co.,Ltd.
* Front-end team, games business department, Huanju Time Inc.
* Beijing Duo Fang Lajiao Networking Technology Co.,Ltd.
* Kaiteng Workshop，Kaixin Networking Technology Co.,Ltd.

## Overview

Egret 1.5.5 Community Experienced Version is the 5th trial version after double week iteration for Egret Engine release.In this version, we've mainly focused on RenderTexture optimization and bug fix.
Note: Community Trial Version includes all the features in the latest final version and some up-to-date fixes and updates.

## Updated Items:


#### Core Display Lists:

* Fixed the problem that some ByteArray implementations are not consistent with flash.
* Fixed the problem of Graphics measurement.
* Added the href rich text field to support event.
* Fixed the error that the clickable area of Bitmap is wrong after merging to large image.
* RES module can be deleted in the configuration file of egretProperties.json.
* Fix the problem that BitmapText was not displayed in native.


#### GUI System

* Fix the bug that the itemRenderer of DataGroup was covered by the default ItemRenderer of TabBar in TabBar Skin.
* Fix the error that UIAsset was not displayed after 9-grid configuration.
* Fix the error that PopupManager.addEventListener() did not pass the argument of thisObject


#### Command Line Tools

* Solve the problem that native packaging as zip failed.
* tsc upgraded to 1.4


#### Egret Android Support

* Added supports for RenderTexture.


#### Known Issues:

* Android Graphics API currently only supports simple line-drawing actions.
* Android TextField API does not support bold and italic fon.
* iOS Support now only supports iOS7+ versions.