Egret 1.6.2 Release Note
===============================

Last Updated：10 April, 2015

Welcome to Egret Engine !

Special Thanks to：

* Joy of Fish Information Technology Co.,Ltd.
* Nanjing Nibaguai Networking Technology Co.,Ltd.
* Beijing Smallapple Networking Technology Co.,Ltd.
* MiTalk Team, XiaoMi Tech.
* Wish Start （Beijing）Technology Co.,Ltd.
* Front-end team, games business department, Huanju Time Inc.
* Beijing Duo Fang Lajiao Networking Technology Co.,Ltd.
* Kaiteng Workshop，Kaixin Networking Technology Co.,Ltd.

## Overview

Egret 1.6.2 Community Experienced Version is the 2nd CE version after Egret Engine 1.6 official release.In this version, we've mainly focused on bug fix.
Note: Community Trial Version includes all the features in the latest final version and some up-to-date fixes and updates.

## Updated Items:


#### Core Display Lists:

* Bug fix for display errors of continuous graphics' drawing
* Bug fix of that the number of draw times was calculated inaccurately
* Bug fix for ByteArray
* Bug fix of that the property of event data could not be set to 0.
* Adding the property of background backgroundColor border borderColor to TextField Class
* Bug fix of return value error of EventDispatcher.hasEventListener

#### GUI System

* Fix bug for PopUpAnchor animation
* Add UIEvent.VALUE_COMMIT event to Range class

#### Egret Android Support

* Improve render performance
* Bug fix for stability improvements


#### Known Issues:

* Android Graphics API currently only supports simple line-drawing actions.
* Android TextField API does not support bold and italic fon.
* iOS Support now only supports iOS7+ versions.