Egret 1.7.0 Release Note
===============================

Last Updated：24 April, 2015

Welcome to Egret Engine!

Special Thanks to：

* Joy of Fish Information Technology Co.,Ltd.
* Nanjing Nibaguai Networking Technology Co.,Ltd.
* Beijing Smallapple Networking Technology Co.,Ltd.
* MiTalk Team, XiaoMi Tech.
* Wish Start （Beijing）Technology Co.,Ltd.
* Front-end team, games business department, Huanju Time Inc.
* Beijing Duo Fang Lajiao Networking Technology Co.,Ltd.
* Kaiteng Workshop，Kaixin Networking Technology Co.,Ltd.

## Overview

Egret 1.7.0 is the 1st official release of Egret 1.7 with big updates. In this version, we merged all the stable function modules updated from 1.6.1 and 1.6.2.

## Release Notes


#### Core Display List

* Fix bug for POST request
* Bug fix for display errors of continuous graphics' drawing
* Bug fix of that the number of draw times was calculated inaccurately


#### GUI System

* Refactor animation and add GUI Animation library support


#### DragonBones

* Performance optimization for sin and cos
* Fix bug for tween automatic data analysis
* Fix bug for switching to flash animation

#### Command line tool

* Fix bug for build command

#### Third-party libraries

* add socket.io

#### Egret Android Support

* Add text stroke interface
* Improvement of WebView support
* Refactor GameEngine interface
* Bug fix of mask position error
* Improve render performance

#### Known Issues:

* Android Graphics API currently only supports simple line-drawing actions.
* Android TextField API does not support bold and italic font.
* iOS Support now only supports iOS7+ versions.