Egret EXP Release Note
===============================


Last updated: August 14, 2015


Thank you for using Egret

## Overview

Egret EXP community experience Edition is a version of community experience Egret engine.

EXP represents experience (experience) and extreme performance (limit performance).

In this version, we focused mainly on support Native rendering and adding a new UI framework.

## Updates

This update rollup from the engine to the new version 2.4.0 of changes.


### Core display list

* Enter the text can not be used to solve the vertical alignment of the bug.


### New UI framework
* By ```egret create {your_project_name} --type eui``` to create projects with the latest UI framework.


* More complete test please download <https://github.com/egret-labs/egret-examples/tree/rc/v2.4> lower branch SwanExample.


### New Egret Native support
Creating Native engineering, and 2.0, as by ```egret create_app app_name -f h5_game_path -t template_path``` to create.
Has basic support 2.0 Native packaged solution, it does not support the features listed below:

* Text bold, italic.
* Egret.BitmapFillMode.REPEAT In Native unrealized.
* Bitmap smoothing property does not support the Native.
* Native mode is not supported under dirty rectangle rendering.
* Adaptation mode does not support rotation.


### Abandoned Interface

* Remove BlendMode the ERASE_REVERSE


#### route
* Adds support for Egret Native of
* Adds support for WebGL in
* Add a filter function


### New features to experience exchange group
`` 481169576```