Egret 3.1.4 Release Note
===============================


Updated on: July, 11th, 2016


Welcome to Egret!

## Overview

Developed by Egret Technology, Egret Engine 3.0 includes a newly built 3D engine and a 2D engine created based on HTML5. With its robust cross-platform operability and commitment to solving the performance and fragmentation problems of HTML5 APP and games, Egret Engine 3.0 will perfectly meet developers’ needs. We appreciate every suggestion and please send it to Egret team if you have any.

## Updated items

This update aggregates all the changes from 3.1.3 to 3.1.4.

* BitmapText support xadvance.
* WebGL mode increases the light-emitting and shadow filter.
* New types of audio files can be specified at the entrance of use.
* EXML parsing speed boost.
* Slightly improved rendering performance webgl.
* Improved rendering performance close dirty rectangle.
* Fixed eui.Label width measurement error bug.
* Repair using eui.DataGroup.getVirtualElementAt cause abnormal bug list.
* Fixed eui.List After deleting content, height is too small to scroll bug.
* Scroll repair eui.Scroller specific conditions under abnormal bug.

## DragonBones updated items

* Improve avatar system, reslove pivot issue. Support replace textureatlas. Support delay load textureatlas.
* Standarlize armatrue display class type. Provide a simpler method to create armature and add it into stage.
* Refine Animation's gotoAndPlay interface, seperate animation play and animation mixing feature. Add more parameter type to control animation play and stop.

#### Roadmap
* Filters can be optimized.