Egret 1.6.0 Release Note
===============================

Last Updated：March 13, 2015

Welcome to Egret Engine!

Special Thanks to：

* Joy of Fish Information Technology Co.,Ltd.
* Nanjing Nibaguai Networking Technology Co.,Ltd.
* Beijing Smallapple Networking Technology Co.,Ltd.
* MiTalk Team, XiaoMi Tech.
* Wish Start （Beijing）Technology Co.,Ltd.
* Front-end team, games business department, Huanju Time Inc.
* Beijing Duo Fang Lajiao Networking Technology Co.,Ltd.
* Kaiteng Workshop，Kaixin Networking Technology Co.,Ltd.

## Overview

Egret 1.6.0 is the 1st official release of Egret 1.6 with big updates. In this version, we merged all the stable function modules updated from 1.5.1 to 1.5.5.

## Release Notes


#### Core Disply List

* Redesign of MovieClip architecture
* ByteArray is added with methods, such as writeUTF .
* Graphics calculate bounds automatically.
* Fix the problem in Bitmap clickable area after repair of larger image.
* RES module can be deleted in the project configuration file of egretProperties.json


#### GUI System

* Adding BitmapLabel Class
* Fix the error that PopupManager.addEventListener() cannot pass thisObject argument.


#### DragonBones

* 3.0 data format standard's support 
* Adding animation copy function during runtime
* Animation supporting of gotoAndStop
* Performance optimization

#### Command line tool

* Release native project with -compile argument for release the compressed js file
* The command of build will not automatically bring .d.ts file in libs which should access as third-party libraries.

#### Egret Android Support

* Adding WebView support
* Download speed improve
* Optimization of word processing, and reducing the demand of text for memory 
* To solve the random crash problems in some mobile modules. 
* Solve the problem of that it may display abnormally from the lock screen state return game for the landscape game.
* Solve the problem of that the graphics rotating display is not correct
* To increase support for RenderTexture

#### Known Issues:

* Android Graphics API currently only supports simple line-drawing actions.
* Android TextField API does not support bold and italic font.
* iOS Support now only supports iOS7+ versions.