Egret 2.0.5 Release Note
===============================


Last Updated：27 August, 2015

Welcome to Egret Engine !

## Overview

Egret Engine 2.0.5 is the third CE (community experiencing version) since the release of Egret Engine 2.0 Final. In 2.0.5, we fixed some known issues.

## Programming Language

Egret currently support three types of languages, TypeScript, JavaScript and JavaScript 2.0 ( ES6 ).

## Example

[CoreExamples](https://github.com/egret-labs/egret-examples) to specify each class’ usages

## API doc

[API Doc] (http://edn.egret.com/cn/index.php?g=&m=apidoc&a=index&type=9000&name=egret.globalFunction) explains every API’s usage in detail.

## Updated Items

This time’s update aggregates all the major changes since the release of 2.0.4. and a special version[Egret EXP](#EgretEXP) is also published.


#### Core Display List

* Solved the problem that Cheetah browser can not load cross-domain images.
* Added music uploading failure alert. 
* Added restrict property to TextField to filter character. 
* Fixed the text input bug on Winphone.
* Fixed the possible native drawing disorder.
* Fixed the bug in text input.
* Optimized the performance of RenderTexture under native.

<a name="EgretEXP"></a>
#### Brand-new rendering structure-Egret EXP
In this time’s experiencing branch, we try unifying the frameworks of game and app so that whether developing a game or an app, developers no longer need change engines, they can simply introduce different third-party libraries. This change will bring extraordinary game/app performance and a simplified core library. It would also be easier to toggle or embed between game and app. The branch will replace Egret Engine’s main branch after a few updates.

Due to API incompatibility with previous versions, currently this branch is available only to experienced developers who can download [Egret EXP](https://github.com/egret-labs/egret-core/tree/v2.4.2). We recommend it be tried only for new projects. For production, please use Egret Engine 2.0 Final.


#### Known Issues

* Android TextField API does not support bold and italic font.
* Android does not support gradient fill currently.