Egret 2.0.4 Release Note
===============================


Last Updated：13 August, 2015

Welcome to Egret Engine !


## Overview

Egret Engine 2.0.4 is the second CE (community experiencing version) since the release of Egret Engine 2.0 Final. In 2.0.4, we fixed some known issues.

## Programming Language

Egret currently support three types of languages, TypeScript, JavaScript and JavaScript 2.0 ( ES6 ).

## Example

[CoreExamples](https://github.com/egret-labs/egret-examples) to specify each class’ usages

## API doc

[API Doc] (http://edn.egret.com/cn/index.php?g=&m=apidoc&a=index&type=9000&name=egret.globalFunction) explains every API’s usage in detail. 

## Updated Items

This time’s update aggregates all the major changes since the release of 2.0.3. and a special version[Egret EXP](#EgretEXP) is also published.


#### Core Display List

* Fixed picture loading failure. 
* Fixed getOption method’s loss of efficacy in IE11. 
* Fixed text dislocation in native.
* Text input supports spacing. 
* Text input supports vertical align. 
* Fixed ByteArray length setting bug. 
* BlendMode.ERASE_REVERSE will be discarded in EXP version.
* Texture added saveToFile API to store texture as image.

<a name="EgretEXP"></a>
#### Brand-new rendering structure-Egret EXP
We introduce a new developer experience branch which includes Egret Engine’s future rendering framework and the second-generation auto dirty rectangle rendering optimized implementation. After a couple of updates the branch will be incorporated in Egret Engine’s main branch. Due to a few APIs’ incompatibility with previous versions, currently it is available only to experienced developers and they can download [Egret EXP Version](https://github.com/egret-labs/egret-core/tree/v2.4.1). We recommend it be tried only for new projects. For production, please use Egret Engine 2.0 Final.

#### Known Issues

* Android TextField API does not support bold and italic font.
* Android does not support gradient fill currently.