Egret 2.0.3 Release Note
===============================


Last Updated：30 July, 2015

Welcome to Egret Engine !


## Overview

Egret Engine 2.0.3 is the first CE (community experiencing version) since the release of Egret Engine 2.0 Final. In 2.0.3, we fixed some known issues and added several new functions. 


## Programming Language

Egret currently support three types of languages, TypeScript, JavaScript and JavaScript 2.0 ( ES6 ).

## Updated Items

This time’s update aggregates all the major changes since the release of 2.0 Final. [CoreExamples](https://github.com/egret-labs/egret-examples) to specify each class’ usages is added .  [API doc](http://edn.egret.com/cn/index.php?g=&m=apidoc&a=index&type=9000&name=egret.globalFunction) is optimized.  and a special version[Egret EXP](#EgretEXP) is also published.


#### Core Display List

* Fixed the problem that in URLRequest, requestHeaders has no default value.
* Fixed the problem that TextField’s background and border sometimes fail to show.
* ScrollView supports bounces property to implement bouncing function. 
* Texture adds toDataURL API to convert based64 strings.
* Support images of WebP format. 

#### DragonBones
* Added FastArmature and improved performance by 80%. 
* Added soundEventManager to dispatch soundevent. 
* Fixed the bug that some converted flash animation flickers when playing.

#### Command line tool

* Fixed the compiling failure caused by the space in create_js command engine path. 
* Publish command can add -webp parameter and generates image in webp format.

<a name="EgretEXP"></a>
#### Brand-new rendering structure-Egret EXP
We introduce a new developer experience branch which includes Egret Engine’s future rendering framework and the second-generation auto dirty rectangle rendering optimized implementation. After a couple of updates the branch will be incorporated in Egret Engine’s main branch. Due to a few APIs’ incompatibility with previous versions, currently it is available only to experienced developers and they can download [Egret EXP Version](https://github.com/egret-labs/egret-core/tree/v2.4.0). We recommend it be tried only for new projects. For production, please use Egret Engine 2.0 Final.


#### Known Issues

* Android TextField API does not support bold and italic font.
* Android does not support gradient fill currently.
