Egret EXP Release Note
===============================


Last updated: August 28, 2015


Thank you for using Egret

## Overview

The branch will experience the game development framework and application development framework for the harmonization become a common framework. When developing a game or application, we only need to introduce a third-party library support to correspondence.

After this revision, to ensure ultimate performance experience of the premise, you can switch between applications and games from each other or nested, and a more streamlined core code libraries, third party libraries introduce more convenient. The branch will replace the main branch Egret Engine after several versions update iterations.

###### Because there are not compatible with previous versions and part of API, currently available only to developers experienced early adopters experience, game engine updates for the production environment, please use Egret Engine 2.0Final version.

## Updated Items

This update rollup from the engine to the new version 2.4.1 of the changes.


### Core display list

* The picture is set to Lo Shu Square, zoom is not cumulative to the width and height stretched.

* Fixed Native lower input text does not trigger ```egret.FocusEvent.FOCUS_IN``` and ```egret.FocusEvent.FOCUS_OUT``` problems.

* Fixed ```egret.TouchEvent.TOUCH_RELEASE_OUTSIDE``` trigger wrong question.

* FTSE text settings, if there href definition, is underlined in the corresponding string.

* Fixed Native package does not directly run the bug.

* Sound re-set to increase SoundChannel to operate audio.

		var loader: egret.URLLoader = new egret.URLLoader ();
		loader.addEventListener (egret.Event.COMPLETE, function loadOver (event: egret.Event) {
			var sound: egret.Sound = loader.data;
			sound.play ();
		}, This);
		loader.dataFormat = egret.URLLoaderDataFormat.SOUND;
		loader.load (new egret.URLRequest ("resource/sound/sound.mp3"));


### New functions

* Restrict input text


#### Functions not added
* webGL
* filter


### New features to experience exchange group
``` 481169576```

###### Previous API modifications Check the log [2.4.0_ReleaseNotes.md](https://github.com/egret-labs/egret-core/blob/v2.4.0/docs/en/2.4.0_ReleaseNotes.md)