Egret 2.5 Release Note
===============================


Updated on: September, 25th, 2015


Welcome to Egret!

## Overview

In Egret Engine 2.5, we unify the frameworks of game and APP. The new layout would be a core library with third-party libraries so that Egret Engine can flexibly meet the different needs from developing games and APPs. This unification will substantially cut developing cost and improve efficiency. Please find below a detailed description.  

## Updated items

This update aggregates all the changes from 2.0.5 to 2.5. 


#### A handy and complete upgrading measure. 

We introduce a brand-new upgrading measure so that developers can conveniently upgrade their projects to 2.5 . 

#### Automatic dirty rectangle

After comparing many frameworks, we found that HTML5 edited pages tend to heat devices due to frequent refreshing and redrawing. Egret Engine 2.5 takes the initiative to use automatic dirty rectangle rendering mode which automatically calculates the area where the changes will take place and only redraw this area. This will substantially improve game performance, drop energy consumption and reduce heat. 

Display automatic dirty rectangle：[Display automatic dirty rectangle and frame frequency info](http://edn.egret.com/cn/index.php/article/index/id/605)

#### Irregular-shape masking

Egret Engine 2.5 offers irregular-shape masking which can clearly indicate one object is the mask of the other. 

How to use：[Rotate and mask display object] (http://edn.egret.com/cn/index.php/article/index/id/588)

#### New vector drawing method：draw fan shape. 

We can draw fan shape with vector drawing. 
See how to use here: [draw fan shape](http://edn.egret.com/cn/index.php/article/index/id/565)

#### Support landscape mode and brand-new orientation

We can conveniently set screen height, width and orientation by configuring a few fields in `index.html` under project file. 
See more about orientation: [Scaling and rotating ] (http://edn.egret.com/cn/index.php/article/index/id/553)

#### New media system

Egret Engine 2.5 offers a new media system that solves multiple audio playing problems. A new `video` interface is provided, making it possible to insert video in your games. 
Use new audio system: [audio](http://edn.egret.com/cn/index.php/article/index/id/156)

#### Extensive `game`library compatible with old-version games. 

Besides the brand-new core library, Egret Engine 2.5 provides an extensive `game` library which includes`MovieClip`,`URLLoader`,`URLRequest`,`ScrollView`,`Ticker`,`setTimeout`,`setInterva` and other APIs from the old engine. 
See these functions in the documentation of extensive libraries. ：[Game extensive library] (http://edn.egret.com/cn/index.php/article/index/id/596)。


#### Roadmap
* Add support for WebGL.
* Add filter function. 
